-: Welcome back.
In step two, we are going to look into
prerequisites required for our this section implementation.
So as usual,
we need to have the AWS database up and running.
So because we are using the My Skill External Service
and then we are referencing the same thing
in our user management deployment service.
So next thing is we also need to ensure
that we have our ALB ingress controller
and then external DNS port up and running
because we are going to use
the ALB ingress related manifest here
and also leverage the external DNS
for registering the cany demo dot qan cloud.com in Route 53.
And in addition to that,
we also need to ensure that Xray demos up and running.
So for the fact that we are going to
leverage all the Xray related ports here
which means Xray related demo set is deployed
and then it should be up and running.
Those things we need to ensure those are running.
So let's crosscheck our ingress is up and running.
So in every section this is a common prerequisite step,
but if it is not mentioned,
then by any chance we have issues.
So then this prerequisite step is the core thing
that these need to be required
for those templates, whatever built.
So LB ingress controller, it should be up and running.
And in default name space, we should have external DNS
and then X-Ray Damon.
So both should be up and running.
So external DNS is up and running.
And then Xray demos are up and running. Good.
So this confirms that our prerequisites are good
and if you want, you can go back to your RDS database
and then crosscheck.
And for RDS, you have an option to also use alternate
which is nothing.
But instead of using RDS database
if you want to use in memory database
just change this to 4.0.0 xray H two db.
So the CME is also shown in ara hub dot doca
dot com earlier also.
So the same thing you can use
for RDS database if you want to use that.
But always try to ensure that we are using
My Skill type of stuff so that we
it means like when we are learning
or when we are planning to learn also,
we are leaning towards more real-time examples
instead of some in memory stuff.
But for backup also, I have provided this image for you
and it is also going to work
with all these use cases without any issues.
Only thing is data is not going to persist
if try to create user and then list users, all those things.
That's about it.
So in our next lecture,
we'll focus on reviewing the manifest.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.